Update LSP0 and LSP6 to new behavior (#200)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md

 
## Abstract

> This standard, defines a blockchain account system to be used by humans, machines, or other smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This standard, defines a blockchain-based account system that can be used by humans, machines, or other smart contracts.
```

The primary features of this account are:

> - **Attaching information**: via [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md#erc725y), allowing the addition of information even after deployment

Reviewer: let's add the dot `.` at the end of each sentence.

```suggestion
- **Attaching information**: via [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md#erc725y), allowing the addition of information even after deployment.
```

> - **Executing**: via [ERC725X](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md#erc725x), enabling the account to call functions on other contracts with different operations, transfer native tokens to other addresses, and deploy new contracts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Executing**: via [ERC725X](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md#erc725x), enabling the account to call functions on other contracts with different operations, transfer native tokens to addresses, and deploy new contracts.
```

- **Verifying signatures**: via [ERC1271](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1271)

> - **Receiving notifications of incoming and outgoing transactions**: via [LSP1-UniversalReceiver](./LSP-1-UniversalReceiver.md), enabling the account to be aware of assets or followers or any other information, and react accordingly (e.g., denying specific tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Receiving notifications of incoming and outgoing transactions**: via [LSP1-UniversalReceiver](./LSP-1-UniversalReceiver.md), enabling the account to be aware of assets or any other information and react accordingly (e.g., denying specific tokens)
```

> - **Owning and controlling the account**: via [LSP14-Ownable2Step](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-14-Ownable2Step.md), ensuring secure two-step ownership transfers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Owning and controlling the account**: via [LSP14-Ownable2Step](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-14-Ownable2Step.md), ensuring transfer of ownership is secured through a 2-step process.
```

- MUST NOT revert when there is no extension set for `0x00000000`.

#### supportsInterface

```solidity
function supportsInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) external view returns (bool);
```

This function is part of the [ERC165] specification, with additional requirements as follows:

> - If the interfaceId being queried is not supported in the contract or inherited contracts, the data key attached below MUST be retreived from the ERC725Y storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the interfaceId being queried is not supported by the contract or inherited contracts, the data key attached below MUST be retrieved from the ERC725Y storage.
```

  - If there is an address stored under the data key, forward the `supportsInterface(bytes4)` call to the address and returns the value.

  - If there is no address, execution end normally.

> ```json

Reviewer: I think we should rather move this entire section in the LSP17 standard. Because the extended behaviour of `supportInterface` with extension will apply to any contract that implements LSP17.

We cannot have in the future to duplicate this description for any single standard that implements LSP17.

Author: To be discussed if this a native behavior to LSP17
